[pkg/ottl]: add IsRootSpan converter (#33729)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `IsInt(attributes["maybe a int"])`

> ### IsRootSpan

Reviewer: We need to mention that this function only works with the ottlspan context.

`IsRootSpan()`

> The `IsRootSpan` Converter returns `true` if the span in the corresponding context is root, that means
> its `parent_span_id` equals to hexadecimal representation of zero.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `IsRootSpan` Converter returns `true` if the span in the corresponding context is root, which means
its `parent_span_id` is equal to hexadecimal representation of zero.
```

Author: thank you!

- `IsInt(attributes["maybe a int"])`

### IsRootSpan

`IsRootSpan()`

The `IsRootSpan` Converter returns `true` if the span in the corresponding context is root, which means
its `parent_span_id` is equal to hexadecimal representation of zero.

> This function is supported with OTTL span context. In any other context it is not supported.

Reviewer: Lets link to the ottlspan context's readme.
